laves. Labradoodle A Labradoodle is a mixed-breed DOG, created by breeding a Labrador Retriever with  
reaction. Ms. Blum contacted the Australian Royal DOG Association, because dogs imported from Austra  
When a Labradoodle runs over to a less sociable DOG, the dog might become scared and irritable. La  
water buck, hyena, baboon, impala, African wild DOG and giraffe. The park also boasts about bi  
of bread. A bun can be either savoury (like a hot DOG) or sweet (like a hot cross bun or a bun with  
y unwanted Program. Poodle A poodle is a breed of DOG. Poodles are made to be one of the smartest do  
Boxer (DOG) The Boxer is a breed of dog. With good care,  
rmany and was originally bred for bull-bating and DOG fights, but when that was ruled out they were  
esian Ridgeback Rhodesian Ridgeback is a breed of DOG. It has a red-brown coat of fur on its body an  
body. They are sometimes called "The African Lion DOG", because they were used by hunters in Africa  
and mental characteristics of different breeds of DOG differ, and all modern breeds are greatly chan  
s may be kept as pets. The origin of the domestic DOG began with the dome  
protecting her kittens will fight off the largest DOG. She gives good warning with a frightening dis  
pe. Great Dane The Great Dane is a large breed of DOG. They are about or taller at the shoulder. Gre  
. nd the owner's property safe from danger. A guard DOG is not the same as a "watchdog". A watchdog wi  
d to attack if their owner tells them to. A guard DOG may also be trained to attack if a stranger co  
rning before attacking. A different type of guard DOG is a livestock guard dog. Certain breeds of do  different type of guard dog is a livestock guartain breeds of dogs are natural guardians  
Players can make a duck, bear, mouse, rabbit, DOG, cat, horse, pig, or monkey. Players try to li  
arie Gillain. Successful films include "Man Bites DOG" and "The Alzheimer Affair". Belgium is famous  
to describe other canids, such as wolves. A baby DOG is called a pup or puppy. A dog is called a pu  
y humans. The earliest known fossil of a domestic DOG is from years ago in Belgium. Dogs have  
e every child. Mickey Mouse has a pet; a dog. The DOG is called Pluto. Pluto has 5 puppies with Minn  
erritory. A symbol of the territory is the Eskimo DOG. Even today, some people still use these  
larger of the two at twice the size of a terrier DOG. Many changes took place between those little  
order Carnivora, and the ancestor of the domestic DOG. It is sometimes called timber wolf. A recent  
. mber wolf. A recent study found that the domestic DOG is descended from wolves tamed less than 
sometimes called "kitty" or "pussycat". A female CAT that has not had its sex organs removed is cal
re very important. They are used between a mother CAT and her kittens. They are also used between ma
en cats and other species, such as dogs. A mother CAT protecting her kittens will fight off the larg
They groom themselves by licking their fur. The CAT's tongue can act as a hairbrush and can clean
n act as a hairbrush and can clean and untangle a CAT's fur. Still, owners may buy grooming products
ill, owners may buy grooming products to help the CAT take care of itself. After licking their fur
or bags and formulas. There are kitten formulas, CAT formulas, health formulas, formulas for reduci
ients for cats. There are many different types of CAT food. These come in many different flavors and
est if the food is at least 95% meat, as that's a CAT's diet. Also, make sure the cat is not fed a
here are some reasons. First of all, if a female CAT has kittens, they will need homes. Finding hom 
layers can make a duck, bear, mouse, rabbit, dog, CAT, horse, pig, or monkey. Players try to live
ion where they could have drowned. Schrödinger's CAT Schrödinger's cat is a thought experiment abod have drowned. Schrödinger's cat Schrödinger's CAT is a thought experiment about quantum physics.
le terms, Schrödinger stated that if you place a CAT and something that could kill the cat (a radio 
you place a cat and something that could kill the CAT (a radioactive atom) in a box and sealed it
n. She appears to be a small, almost kitten sized CAT the majority of the time but when provoked or
the animal's paw, especially animals such as the CAT. A primate's nail only has the unguis; the sub
the skin off a fish. If a dog or a member of the CAT family needs to cut something with their teeth
ought experiment known as Schrödinger's cat, the CAT is empirically neither alive nor dead until ob
nce as to how the milk was spilled. If hairs of a CAT and paw prints were found on the ground, they
146. ound on the ground, they could be evidence that a CAT was the cause of the spilled milk. If a witnes
147. e cause of the spilled milk. If a witness saw the CAT spilling the milk, her testimony would also be
the "Big Five Game" of rhinoceros, lion, leopard, ELEPHANT, and buffalo. The crater plays host to al  
. Nile and main Nile come together. Its name means "ELEPHANT tusk". Two other big cities nearby are Om  
. ers. There are antelope, buffalo, zebra, cheetah, ELEPHANT, lion, giraffe, rhinoceros, apes, hyaena,  
. old Perl. The main character is Jumbo Jr., a baby ELEPHANT who is cruelly nicknamed Dumbo. He is rid  
. the stork to other circus animals. As even a baby ELEPHANT makes a pretty heavy package, hers is the  
. c making fun of her son, she is locked up as "mad ELEPHANT", and Dumbo finds himself all alone. A mo  
. the Tower of London's defences and kept lions, an ELEPHANT and a polar bear in the tower. Discovered  
. mals such as the rhinoceros, giraffe, wildebeest, ELEPHANT, cheetah, antelope, and lion. These anima  
. f these include walking on water, making an Asian ELEPHANT vanish and then reappear several episodes  
. nd tried to convince it to step on them. The huge ELEPHANT crushed most, but sometimes refused. Akba  
. riminals. There are few records about crushing by ELEPHANT. Many records were lost. The British wrot  
. are the largest living land mammals. The largest ELEPHANT recorded was one shot in Angola.  
. ving [[genera]] of elephants. These are [[African ELEPHANT|African]] "Loxodonta africanus", and [[As  
. hant|African]] "Loxodonta africanus", and [[Asian ELEPHANT]]s "Elephas maximus". An elephant's most  
. a very long [[nose]], made from the upper lip. An ELEPHANT uses its trunk to grab  
.He has an ELEPHANT's head. The elephant is the fo  
. nown groups without wings are the extinct moa and ELEPHANT birds. Wings, which evolved from forelimb  
. as an armed attendant who sat on the back of an ELEPHANT. The Arabs called this figure "al-fil", w  
. forest elephant, African bush elephant, and Asian ELEPHANT). During the period of the last ice age t  
. lies to Simba about a dangerous place called the ELEPHANT Graveyard. Scar says that only brave lion  
. m a doctor or it might not be legal at all. Asian ELEPHANT The Asian Elephant Tusk is  
. ght not be legal at all. Asian elephant The Asian ELEPHANT tusk is an elephant specie  
. Wii 3D platformer "Super Mario Galaxy 2". African ELEPHANT tusk African elephants are the two species of  
. in the middle Pliocene. Males of the African bush ELEPHANT can grow  
. ed to be two distinct species. The African forest ELEPHANT has a longer and narrower mandible, round  
. t foot and 3 on the hind foot, the African forest ELEPHANT normally has 5 toenails on the front foot  
. ed wooden shaft along with the remains of a giant ELEPHANT and hippopotamus. Further examples of the  
. e rainforest, but only the smaller African forest ELEPHANT ("Loxodonta cyclotis"). Another interesti  
. ation in Cambodia include: boat, car, motorcycle, ELEPHANT, train airplane. The Cambodian econom  
. k the stalemate in the trenches. The British used ELEPHANT guns against the German tactic of having  
. em for all really large land animals. The African ELEPHANT's solution is to have large ears, which a  
. tortoise (0.08 kg) and the largest was an Asian ELEPHANT (4,826 kg). It is named after Robert and  
. s to leave the field. Peafowl, deer, antelope and ELEPHANT seals are good examples. The other main f  
. eighs 1½ to 3½ tonnes, and the three species of ELEPHANT weigh 3 to 9 tonnes. Even though it has s
o journeys with Hikaru (only) to help him. Freaky MONKEY Five bosses in the game. Natalie your helpe  
080. he Lab. There are Monkey Football (Soccer), Dance MONKEY Dance, and Monkey Climbing. Andoni Zubizarr  
092. d for an International Emmy Award. Spider MONKEY Spider monkeys are New World monkeys, genus  
095. touches there, it creates a gag reflex. Squirrel MONKEY Squirrel monkeys live in Central and South  
097. started on October 31, 1991. The first part, "The MONKEY's Paw", is a direct reference to W.W. Jacob  
102. has branch offices in Vienna and Salzburg. Powder MONKEY Powder monkeys were boys or young teenagers  
109. ung fu masters, the Furious Five: Tigress, Viper, MONKEY, Mantis, and Crane. They go on a quest in G  
127. n, called the Junior cube. On one side there is a MONKEY face on it. The Eastsheen company also has  
132. girl who lives alone in a house with her pets, a MONKEY named Mr. Nilsson and a horse that she keep  
133. ngs she had taken from her father's ship: her pet MONKEY named Mr. Nilsson (a present from her fathe  
135. dian. He is best known as the new voice of Master MONKEY in "". Wingert was born in Summit, New Jers  
146. mostly a monkey sanctuary for the Barbados Green MONKEY. St Nicholas Abbey is one of the more famou  
147. e mantled howler,the endangered Geoffroy's spider MONKEY and the Central American squirrel monkey. T  
148. s spider monkey and the Central American squirrel MONKEY. The squirrel monkey is found only on the P  
150. II. The building was completed in 1887. Capuchin MONKEY Capuchin monkeys are a subfamily of New Wor  
152. immer) on the NBC sitcom "Friends" had a capuchin MONKEY named Marcel. The diet of the capuchins is  
155. , football star turned spy Alec McCall in "Funcky MONKEY" and the oversexed Sullivan Groff in "Weeds  
160. unfit and not as smart as others. He has an "evil MONKEY" in his closet that everyone thinks is fake  
170. ary overlap between the Central American squirrel MONKEY and the white-headed capuchin than between  
173. tection benefits to the Central American squirrel MONKEY leads to fewer associations with the white-  
175. uits, vines of the genera "Piper" and "Clematis", MONKEY comb (genus "Sloanea"), dumb cane and custa  
178. a practice known as "urine washing", in which the MONKEY rubs urine on its feet. The exact purpose o  
186. games. In the main game, the object is to guide a MONKEY in a hamster ball across a series of platfo  
189. hree party games: Monkey Race, Monkey Target, and MONKEY Fight. In Monkey Race, players race on one  
198. main game: Monkey Bowling, Monkey Billiards, and MONKEY Golf. Each minigame is based on the real li  
204. romantic ones as well as misunderstandings. Funky MONKEY Babys MBLAQ MBLAQ is a South Korean boy ban  
210. as on the 2005 track "My Style" from their album "MONKEY Business". When recording the 2005 single "  
224. iano (Eating Popcorn)", "I Am A Banana" and "Baby MONKEY (Going Backwards On A Pig)" are others. Gri  
228. ottom that is blue and orange. The smallest known MONKEY is the pygmy marmoset. It is about 14-16cm  
231. can be sold as "bushmeat" (meat of wild animals). MONKEY brains are eaten in some parts of Africa, S  
240. !Chart (2008) !Peakposition The Monkey's Paw The MONKEY's paw is a short story by William Wymark Ja
ting or drinking too much dairy products that use COW milk. To solve this problem many people use a  
005. olée (AOC). Camembert is made from unpasteurized COW's milk, and is ripened by the moulds  
006. usually not from Greece and is usually made from COW milk) must not be called "Feta" from 2007. The  
008. includes a big rock and a little rock called the COW and Calf Rocks. This is one of the bigger wond  
009. dales. By these rocks there is a pub called "the COW and calf". The town is has one railway station  
012. m into their guns. The cartridges supposedly used COW and pig fat. For Hindus the cow is a sacred an  
014. d killing of cows for their meat. For Hindus, the COW is a sacred animal not to be killed. Sir Syed  
015. , nuts, and honey. They thought only people drank COW's milk, so they drank goat's milk instead. The  
017. Channel productions like "Now You See It..." and "COW Belles". She is half of the musical duo 78viol  
018. her than a grill. This is called a "pit barbecue" COW Belles Cow Belles is an American produced Disn  
019. grill. This is called a "pit barbecue" Cow Belles COW Belles is an American produced Disney Channel  
020. r and flavor of a cheese. These include the milk (COW or goat), if the milk has been pasteurized, th  
024. that is used to describe something that is like a COW or an ox is ""bovine"". The words "cow", "bull  
025. is like a cow or an ox is ""bovine"". The words "COW", "bull" and "calf" are also used to describe  
026. orse, cattle do not have any upper front teeth. A COW often swallows grass whole. After a cow has ea  
028. which helps digest their food more efficiently. A COW's stomach has four chambers called the "reticu  
031. lo, and many drugs are made from parts of cattle. COW's blood is often used in special effects in th  
033. cheese Cheddar is a type of hard cheese made from COW's milk. It originally was produced in the Engl  
035. igure. Thus, while most Hindus do not worship the COW, and rules against eating beef arose long afte  
037. ducts and there is a movement among Hindus to ban COW-slaughter not only in specific regions, but in  
039. merican tropics. It is also known as the mountain COW, although it is actually related to the horse  
043. longer" than most trade goods. If someone sells a COW for money, he can save that money away until h  
046. have a hard time arguing over how much wheat each COW is worth. However, money is "standard". That m  
050. t always standing up, and the tail is more like a COW's, most of it covered with short body hair. Be
oothills, Alhambra, Camelback East, Central City, DEER Valley, Desert View, Encanto, Estrella, Lavee  
002. Like other members of the same family (antelopes, DEER and goats, amongst others), they mainly eat g  
003. sses are an important food for many animals, like DEER, buffalo, cattle, mice, grasshoppers, caterpi  
005. d it as the 78th best screenplay of all time. The DEER Hunter The Deer Hunter is a 1978 American war  
007. he BAFTA Award for Best Screenplay. In "The DEER Hunter" was picked to keep in the United Stat  
011. ost common being "lujiao shuang" , the remains of DEER antler after the glue has been eremoved. Ofte  
014. carnivores because they eat only meat. They hunt DEER, raccoons, squirrels, foxes, rabbits and skun  
057. and the value of choreography is almost nil. Musk DEER Musk deer are a group of even-toed ungulate m  
058. lue of choreography is almost nil. Musk deer Musk DEER are a group of even-toed ungulate mammals. Th  
059. family Moschidae. There are four species of musk DEER, but they are all very similar. Musk deer are  
060. of musk deer, but they are all very similar. Musk DEER are more primitive than true deer. Musk deer  
062. Musk deer are more primitive than true deer. Musk DEER are about 90 centimeters long and about 60 ce  
081. emely important upland forage for New Mexico Mule DEER and to a lesser extent American Elk. Dryas (p  
083. who use to hunt with them. They were used to hunt DEER, wild boar and wolf. The breed almost disappe  
085. the bison (buffalo), black bear, elk, moose, mule DEER, white-tailed deer, mountain goat, pronghorn,  
107. nd desert hedgehog, barbary sheep, oryx, gazelle, DEER, wild ass, baboon, hyena, jackal, sand fox, w  
153. de of the hair of animals, like the wolf, rabbit, DEER, chicken, duck, goat, pig and tiger, etc. The  
191. eggs, small mammals, monkeys, wild boars, goats, DEER, horses, and water buffalo. Young Komodo drag  
193. he elk, a type of moose, which is a member of the DEER family. There are hundreds of rivers and thou  
194. for the salmon fishing as well as black bear and DEER hunting. Another main employer in Craig is th  
195. s. It is on Knight's Key, Boot Key, Key Vaca, Fat DEER Key, Long Point Key, Crawl Key and Grassy Key  
204. recorded anywhere. Animals such as buffalo, elk, DEER, and rabbits added nitrogen to the soil with  
212. ects humans, cats, dogs and birds, cows, beavers, DEER, and sheep. Colloquialism A colloquialism is  
214. emy in Changsha and at his retreat near the White DEER Grotto in Lushan. In his life his ideas were  
223. ("Capreolus pygargus"). The roe deer is a smaller DEER. In the summer its fur is reddish-brown, in t  
229. can be found wherever people are. Horse flies and DEER flies can bite people and animals. Fruit flie  
234. t we may see or hear in this biome include bears, DEER, raccoons, otters, beavers, foxes, frogs, squ  
249. but rare. Indochinese tigers also feed on muntjac DEER, porcupines, macaques and hog badgers. They h
tatue. A statue of someone on horseback (riding a HORSE) is called an equestrian statue. Golden Retr  
005. use a car on the island. Everybody has to ride a HORSE or a bicycle. In recent years, young people  
006. ociated with magic. Odin rides on an eight-legged HORSE called Sleipnir, and his famous spear is cal  
008. arm ruining everything. When Boxer, the strongest HORSE in the farm, lost his strength because of ol  
009. dea from seeing a young boy whipping a large cart HORSE. He explained, "It struck me that if only su  
010. ng and drinking. At the end of it there was a big HORSE-race. The next years they had this horse-rac  
018. nivals, folk carnivals, multi-cultural carnivals, HORSE-racing carnivals, wine and food carnivals an  
020. ase the amount in the fund. The money is bet on a HORSE race, and upon hearing this, the Pastor give  
021. The Karate Kid 4" and a remake in 2010. 533 Crazy HORSE Crazy Horse (born about 1838 – died Septem  
035. to be an entertainer. She wanted to become a race-HORSE jockey. However her father planned for her t  
039. fought in the Trojan War, and invented the Trojan HORSE, which helped the Greeks win the war. After  
045. ut notice being unable to be switched off. Trojan HORSE The Trojan Horse is a large wooden horse fro  
046. nable to be switched off. Trojan Horse The Trojan HORSE is a large wooden horse from the Trojan War  
047. . Trojan Horse The Trojan Horse is a large wooden HORSE from the Trojan War in Greek mythology. In t  
048. rick the Trojans. The Greeks built a large wooden HORSE out of a ship and left it outside the gates  
052. d took control of the city. Because of the Trojan HORSE, the Greeks won the Trojan War. Today the wo  
054. this is a type of computer virus called a Trojan HORSE. Tesco Tesco is a multinational retailer fro  
073. iena is held. The Palio is a traditional medieval HORSE race is run around the Piazza del Campo each  
083. bred for a specific reason; the thoroughbred race HORSE was bred to run. Thoroughbreds originate fro  
089. rse races: The Doncaster Cup, which is the oldest HORSE race in the world, and the St Leger Stakes,  
095. lt. Louis Zutter, a Swiss gymnast, won the pommel HORSE, while Greeks Ioannis Mitropoulos and Nikola  
096. s can make a duck, bear, mouse, rabbit, dog, cat, HORSE, pig, or monkey. Players try to live life as  
108. nnounced that she had broken up with her. Arabian HORSE The Arabian horse is a breed famous for beau  
109. had broken up with her. Arabian horse The Arabian HORSE is a breed famous for beauty and stamina. It  
112. n almost every breed of riding horse. The Arabian HORSE developed in the deserts of Arabia by the Be  
113. close relationship with humans made the Arabian a HORSE with a kind temper and quick to learn. It al  
117. plain the origin of the word (e.g. Greek "hippos" HORSE and "potamus" river). A dictionary may also  
182. hair can be mixed with plaster to make it strong. HORSE bones can be used to make gelatin for food.
Academy Award. "A Kind of Loving" won the Golden BEAR award at the 12th Berlin International Film F  
013. n characters on the series are Miss Piggy, Fozzie BEAR and Gonzo. 1250 The population of the world i  
017. air styles have more variations. In Japan, "teddy BEAR cut" is most popular. This style lets the who  
018. lets the whole body have roundness like the teddy BEAR. Irish language Irish, "Irish Gaelic", or "Ga  
020. Winnie the Pooh Winnie the Pooh, also called Pooh BEAR, is a fictional anthropomorphic teddy bear. H  
021. d Pooh Bear, is a fictional anthropomorphic teddy BEAR. He was created by A. A. Milne. He is based o  
022. "Winnipeg" ("Winnie" for short), who was a black BEAR at the London Zoo, and "Pooh", which was a ni  
023. still owns the character. Pooh is a small yellow BEAR. He is nearly tall. He wears an old red t-shi  
024. ounder and one of the heads of A&M Records. Teddy BEAR A teddy bear is a type of toy that looks like  
025. e of the heads of A&M Records. Teddy bear A teddy BEAR is a type of toy that looks like a bear. The  
028. a bear. The teddy bear is normally a cub or baby BEAR. In Russia, bears were used as children's toy  
054. ddy bears comfort and support children. The teddy BEAR is also used to teach children about differen  
070. o save 45 minutes from the average journey. Sloth BEAR The Sloth Bear ("Melursus ursinus") is a bear  
071. es from the average journey. Sloth bear The Sloth BEAR ("Melursus ursinus") is a bear that lives in  
077. seven sages with the stars of the sky, the Great BEAR. Their wives formed the Pleiades. Tiruvannama  
100. hter. Druids can shift into forms of animals like BEAR, cat, walrus, and cheetah. Healing druids can  
106. defences and kept lions, an elephant and a polar BEAR in the tower. Discovered after his death, his  
126. ild animals in Alaska. Some of them are the brown BEAR, the moose, and the wolf. There are some impo  
149. of the tundra has plants growing on it. The polar BEAR is the world's largest meat-eating land anima  
153. 35 centimeters long. It ate fish, like a grizzely BEAR would. CSU CSU may mean: Any of the following  
193. oot hoaxes. He can also be mistaken for a grizzly BEAR.The evidence obtained from the movie is start  
210. are mostly active at night (except for the Polar BEAR). Some bears hibernate, that means they sleep  
211. rries, grass, and fish. An exception is the polar BEAR, which eats mostly meat. Meteorology Meteorol  
213. food source in the desert areas of Africa. Polar BEAR The polar bear ("Ursus maritimus") is a large  
214. the desert areas of Africa. Polar bear The polar BEAR ("Ursus maritimus") is a large bear which liv  
218. miles (40 km) an hour for a short distance. Polar BEAR fur is made up of a layer of dense underfur a  
220. nt paws. Scientists have even seen a mother polar BEAR stand up and leap at a helicopter to keep it  
221. rs along, growling, to scare off his rival. Polar BEAR scientists call this "the cowboy walk." The p  
236. ernate during winter. During this time, the black BEAR's metabolism and heart rate both decrease in  
237. r. In fact, during hibernation, an American black BEAR's heart can stop for twenty seconds. The body
reincarnation as animals of worship (Bird, Lion, TIGER, Cat, Monkey), but such cannot be proved as
he fierce and dangerous big cat called the Bengal TIGER. Commentary A commentary often means some
wolf, rabbit, deer, chicken, duck, goat, pig and TIGER, etc. The ink stone is used to rub the solid
between a male lion ("Panthera leo") and a female TIGER ("Panthera tigris"). It is different from
nd destroy the habitats they live in. The Bengal TIGER has the largest population with 3,500
The South-Chinese TIGER is already extinct! Tigers eat lots of
The jaguar is the third-largest feline after the TIGER and the lion. It is also the largest and most
s a year in the 13th century Siberian TIGER The Siberian tiger ("Panthera tigris altaica
It likes to stay near water, and like the TIGER, it is famous for being a big cat that enjoy
easure from the Tower of Serpents-killing a giant SNAKE in the process-and after escaping, the thiev
tried to bury them in the same tomb, but a big SNAKE showed up and protected the ashes
slow down reactions. Some of them are found in SNAKE venom and are dangerous for our nervous
squamates, and there are few early snake and SNAKE ancestor fossils, it is difficult to resolve
icrolepidotus"), which is the most venomous land SNAKE to mice, and "Hydrophis belcheri", a sea
as a venom more potent than any other terrestrial SNAKE species in Costa Rica. The snake is very
cure scorpion stings and other poisons, such as SNAKE bites. Because Serket could cure snake bites
such as snake bites. Because Serket could cure SNAKE bites, she was sometimes known as the protec
ke (Natrix tessellata) is a European non-venomous SNAKE belonging to the family of Colubridae,
argest, heaviest, and second longest known living SNAKE (behind the reticulated python). The termanaconda" usually means this species. This giant SNAKE (which is called the water boa) lives in swa
119. each other with stretchy ligaments, which let the SNAKE swallow animals wider than itself. Snakes do
120. od, they digest it with quite strong acids in the SNAKE's stomach. Anacondas eat pigs, deer, caiman
121. a tactical shield, flashbang and smoke grenades, SNAKE cameras (small cameras that fit under doors
122. n orange, bad-smelling organ. It is shaped like a SNAKE's tongue. It is kept behind the inside of th
123. Common Krait ("Bungarus caeruleus") is a type of SNAKE that is found in the jungles of India. This
124. snake that is found in the jungles of India. This SNAKE is a very poisonous. It is one of the "big f
125. venom many animals and people are scared of this SNAKE. That is why another snake, Rough-scaled San
126. ple are scared of this snake. That is why another SNAKE, Rough-scaled Sand Boa, mimics the color pat
127. mily of snakes. It is the second largest venomous SNAKE in the world. An adult black mamba can grow
128. use we are afraid of their dangerous venom. Also, SNAKE eggs are sometimes eaten by scavengers. The
129. loydius himalayanus) is a medium-sized gray-brown SNAKE found in caverns and rocky crevices of fores
130. The Himalayan Pit Viper is a habitually sluggish SNAKE that basks in sunlight and hibernates in win
131. seasnake (Hydrophis ornatus) is a species of sea SNAKE. Soundgarden discography The discography of
132. Than Love" tour. The live tracks are "Get on the SNAKE", "Gun", "I Awake", "Big Dumb Sex", and a me
133. pot where they saw an eagle on a cactus, eating a SNAKE. There is a ribbon in the national colors at
134. at a site where they would find an eagle eating a SNAKE on the top of a cactus. The legend relates t
135. at this time. Cobra Cobra is a word which means "SNAKE" in Portuguese. In English it is the common
136. o" or "cobra-de-capelo", which is Portuguese for "SNAKE with hood", or "hood-snake". Cobras usually
137. ich is Portuguese for "snake with hood", or "hood-SNAKE". Cobras usually live in tropical and desert
138. . Mary Jane Ward wrote a book in 1946 called "The SNAKE Pit" that raised awareness of the inhumane t
139. veloped the ability to withstand them. One is the SNAKE "Leimadophis epinephelus", which has develop
140. other important god was "Quetzalcoatl" (feathered SNAKE), the god of learning and civilization. The
141. there is a picture of an eagle on a cactus with a SNAKE in its mouth. This was an Aztec symbol. Even
142. atch the potency of the inland taipan, a venomous SNAKE. The venom acts as a blood thinner, and will
143. search into the Rough-skinned newt and the Garter SNAKE shows this is a typical case of co-evolution
144. r, there have been no reports on deaths. Venomous SNAKE A venomous snake is a snake that uses venom(
145. n no reports on deaths. Venomous snake A venomous SNAKE is a snake that uses venom(poison) on prey t
146. s on deaths. Venomous snake A venomous snake is a SNAKE that uses venom(poison) on prey to stop them
147. re known to be venomous -- about a quarter of all SNAKE species. Yoxall Yoxall is a town in Stafford
148. a, the two parts of the soul. He is pictured as a SNAKE with two heads. Atum was said to have to kee
149. eep him from being out of control. Since he was a SNAKE, he was believed to heal those bitten by sna
150. in "Revenge of the Cybermen", was a much larger, SNAKE-like cybermat that could be remotely control
151. e a force. When a hose is turned up the hose will SNAKE around unless it is held still. The exiting
152. young Mormon men who had been sent into the Upper SNAKE River Valley. They were looking for places t
153. ham County. Shelley is on the eastern side of the SNAKE River. It faces the Blackfoot Mountains. Sin
154. ors had government approval to build a dam on the SNAKE River. The dam was finished in 1905.                   
rnated", is his first reggae music album. Malayan TIGER The Malayan tiger ("Panthera tigris jacksoni
rst reggae music album. Malayan tiger The Malayan TIGER ("Panthera tigris jacksoni") is a new subspe
ve the same length and weight as the Indo-Chinese TIGER. They live in southern Malaysia and they are
aysia and they are an endangered species. Caspian TIGER The Caspian tiger ("Panthera tigris virgata"
an endangered species. Caspian tiger The Caspian TIGER ("Panthera tigris virgata") is an extinct su
found that it is almost identical to the Siberian TIGER. They now believe that the two species of ti
have become separate until the 1900s. The Caspian TIGER was the second largest of the tiger species.
t grew longer fur. It was the furriest of all the TIGER subspecies. String instrument A string instr
rs. His costume is white, and his Zord is a white TIGER. No one knows who he is, but he turns out to
f the groups Cibo Matto, Ghost of a Saber Toothed TIGER and Dopo Yume. Eurasian people A Eurasian pe
xamples of felines are the big cats – the lion, TIGER, leopard, jaguar, snow leopard, clouded leop
its body. They are sometimes called "The African LION Dog", because they were used by hunters in Af  
029. the cats which cannot purr: "In five cat species (LION, tiger, jaguar, leopard and snow leopard) the  
035. her left hand. Parvati's conveyance is a LION or tiger. This means that Parvati rides a lio  
043. the movie as coping older Disney movies like LION King and the 20th Century Fox movie "Ice Age  
049. 10, 1951 it was the surprise winner of the Golden LION at the Venice Film Festival. It then was show  
054. rown, Fuzzy Hair, Eric Sykes, who plays the Scary LION with Big, Scary Teeth and Jessica Smith who p  
057. ". To get a Basileus title a person should kill a LION with a special weapon. So this weapon was cal  
063. Lower Egypt, and therefore her image was a fierce LION. Her name means "(female) devourer". In later  
067. multiple demons, which morphed to form a rearing LION as his first combined form. His power increas  
070. in Australia, passing the mark set by 1994's The LION King. In the United Kingdom, "Shrek" regaine  
095. from a ski trip. The Disney animation movie, The LION King, is dedicated to him. Perfect Perfect co  
096. ailer died of renal failure in New York City. The LION King The Lion King is an animated movie made  
097. renal failure in New York City. The Lion King The LION King is an animated movie made by Walt Disney  
098. ed movie of the 1990s. The movie is about a young LION prince who learns about his role as prince an  
154. royalty and used to hunt wild antelopes. Asiatic LION The Asiatic Lion ("Panthera leo persica") is  
155. to hunt wild antelopes. Asiatic Lion The Asiatic LION ("Panthera leo persica") is a subspecies of t  
159. it is also known as the Persian lion. The Asiatic LION has a cinnamon colour coat. It was the state  
169. ng hooks, to keep hold of the prey. Even though a LION is good at killing prey for food, they are no  
189. anka, also called the Lion Flag, consists of gold LION passant, holding a sword in its right fore pa  
216. or derived from, the wave nature of light. Golden LION tamarin The golden lion tamarin ("Leontopithe  
220. l rainforests in eastern Brazil of South America. LION Tamarins take their name from their impressiv  
223. heir monkey relatives than any feline. The golden LION tamarin is an omnivore (eating both animals a  
226. eternity. Ammit appears as mix of the crocodile, LION, and hippo. Rather than being worshipped, Amm  
241. Selassie I, King of Kings of Ethiopia, Conquering LION of the Tribe of Judah, Elect of God" on Novem  
244. ter current. The largest type of jellyfish is the LION's mane jellyfish, which has tentacles that ca  
245. a few inches across. The largest jellyfish is the LION's mane ("Cyanea capillata"), whose body can b
M-9 Sidewinder missiles and four long range AIM-7 SPARROW missiles, but it did not have a gun. Later
040. pecies, sometimes including extinction. The house SPARROW, "Passer domesticus", native to Europe and
043. nd the world The best known of these is the house SPARROW, "Passer domesticus". Some authorities pla
045. birds and they live in flocks (groups). The house SPARROW ("Passer domesticus") is a species of spar
047. ver, people travelled to new places and the house SPARROW went to those places too. It is now the bi
048. a, and now sparrows are seen there too. The house SPARROW is seen in every continent. In Australia,
050. nt family, the Emberizidae (buntings). The 'hedge SPARROW' (also known as the dunnock) "Prunella mod
053. l used today because it is a tradition. The house SPARROW is small bird. It is between 14–18 centi
056. cies live. It does not reproduce with the Spanish SPARROW even though it lives with them side-by-sid
057. orida hosted the last member of the Dusky Seaside SPARROW, now extinct. There have been only two ext
066. llege football and basketball games for CBS. Sind SPARROW The Sind sparrow ("Passer pyrrhonotus"), a
067. d basketball games for CBS. Sind sparrow The Sind SPARROW ("Passer pyrrhonotus"), also known as the
068. sser pyrrhonotus"), also known as the Sind jungle SPARROW, jungle sparrow, or rufous-backed sparrow,
069. "), also known as the Sind jungle sparrow, jungle SPARROW, or rufous-backed sparrow, is a passerine
071. ed sparrow, is a passerine bird of the Passeridae SPARROW family. It lives around the Indus valley r
072. ing range in Pakistan and western India, the Sind SPARROW lives in wetland habitats with thorny scru
073. s the largest metropolitan area in Israel. Russet SPARROW The Russet Sparrow, also called the cinnam
076. also called the cinnamon sparrow or cinnamon tree SPARROW, is a bird that is part of the sparrow fam
078. It is a small bird with a thick beak. The russet SPARROW is 14 to 15 centimeters long. Its feathers
079. form a song. There are 3 subspecies of the russet SPARROW, "rutilans" (the main species), "intensior
birds feed on the fruits, such as hornbills, Cape PARROT, purple-crested turaco, Knysna turaco, Ross  
005. yacinthinus") is longer than any other species of PARROT, although half that length is tail. The ord  
011. type of cephalopod. A beak, similar in shape to a PARROT's beak, is their only hard part. Because of  
014. als of alpine tundra environments include the Kea PARROT, marmot, Mountain goats, chinchilla, pika,  
015. igar The Budgerigar (nicknamed budgie) is a small PARROT. It belongs to the tribe of the wide-tailed  
018. only a very few types of birds (like the eclectus PARROT) where the female is more colourful than th  
021. nd pastureland. It is also known as the burrowing PARROT. Aquifer An aquifer is an underground layer  
035. t ("Trichoglossus haematodus") is an Australasian PARROT. This brightly colored parrot lives on the  
036. is an Australasian parrot. This brightly colored PARROT lives on the east coast of Australia, easte  
039. as the goliath cockatoo) is a black or dark-gray PARROT of the cockatoo family. In the wild, it eat  
043. t also live in New Guinea, including the Eclectus PARROT and Southern Common Cuscus. Other rainfores  
045. Chattering Lory, Violet-necked Lory and Eclectus PARROT) caught in Halmahera are smuggled to the Ph  
046. clude: Monk parakeet The Monk parakeet, or Quaker PARROT, ("Myiopsitta monachus") lives in Argentina  
053. ie) Paulie is a 1998 family movie about a talking PARROT named "Paulie". It was directed by John Rob  
057. Asia and North America. They have short, beaked, PARROT-like skulls, with or without bony head cres  
061. apo in the Strigopidae tribe, they form the small PARROT superfamily Strigopoidea. The genus Nestor  
064. species. They are a social and affectionate small PARROT. Seven species are native to Africa, and th  
068. 96 and closed after 123 performances. New Zealand PARROT The Stringipoidea is a small superfamily of  
072. o all these contributing factors, the St. Vincent PARROT is considered Vulnerable on the IUCN Red Li  
073. bitat through the establishment of the St Vincent PARROT Reserve; and the delivery of successful pub  
078. h America. It is longer than any other species of PARROT, from the top of its head to the tip of its  
079. ). It is the largest macaw and the largest flying PARROT species. Habitat loss and trapping wild bir  
082. ance studio. It is filmed in Canada. Black-headed PARROT The black-headed parrot is "Pionites melano  
083. d in Canada. Black-headed parrot The black-headed PARROT is "Pionites melanocephalus". It lives in f  
085. ers about a hard-drinking, hard-swearing Carcross PARROT who had just died; most forgave the writers.
s besieged from July 3 to July 11, 2007. Mourning DOVE The mourning dove (Zenaida macroura) is a mem  
009. ly 3 to July 11, 2007. Mourning dove The mourning DOVE (Zenaida macroura) is a member of the dove fa  
011. ng are fed crop milk by the parents. The mourning DOVE is hunted both for sport and meat. Up to 70 m  
013. es (one) and Iceland (one). In 1963, the Mourning DOVE was introduced to Hawaii, and in 1998 there w  
014. ll population in North Kona, Hawaii. The mourning DOVE lives in a wide variety of habitats, such as  
026. eared dove ("Zenaida auriculata") and the Socorro DOVE ("Zenaida graysoni"). Sometimes these three b  
027. ut in the separate genus "Zenaidura". The Socorro DOVE was once thought to be the same species as th  
036. The mourning dove appears as the Carolina turtle-DOVE on plate 286 of Audubon's "The Birds of Ameri  
046. 65 film), a rusty dripping tap, a leaping white DOVE in flight, a skier, and a hand making pottery  
048. he town finished. Uttoxeter is close to the River DOVE. It is near the cities of Stoke-on-Trent, Der  
066. Dove, Zenaida auriculata, is a New World tropical white DOVE. It is seen throughout South America from Col  
068. tive of the North American Mourning Dove. Socorro DOVE The Socorro dove (Zenaida graysoni) is a dove  
069. American Mourning Dove. Socorro dove The Socorro DOVE (Zenaida graysoni) is a dove that now cannot  
071. one time considered a subspecies of the mourning DOVE. Sean Bergenheim Sean Bergenheim (born Februa  
082. family Columbidae. The common names "pigeon" and white DOVE are often used interchangeably. In ornitholo  
084. e feral domestic pigeon is often called the "rock DOVE": it is common in many cities. There are more  
085. largest range of any species is that of the rock DOVE. This species lives in Britain and Ireland, n  
109. ed Jesus to signify the truth of the deed, as the white DOVE is an emblem or token of truth and innocence.  
111. nas" in Mat 16:1-4 is related to the "sign of the DOVE". The Christian symbol of a dove with an oliv  
124. 's mouth. Hosea 7:11 Ephraim also is like a silly DOVE without heart Anna of Kashin Saint Anna of Ka  
131. t. Lorger died on 25 April 2014 at the age of symbol DOVE Lake (Tasmania) Dove Lake is a small glacial  
139. e. She died in Falmouth, England. European turtle DOVE The European turtle dove (also known as turtl  
140. England. European turtle dove The European turtle DOVE (also known as turtle dove) is a member of th  
141. ve The European turtle dove (also known as turtle DOVE is a member of the Dove bird family. They ar  
145. dromic number. In science, 77 is: Oriental Turtle DOVE The Oriental turtle dove or rufous turtle dov
panied into battle by its mascot, Old Abe, a bald EAGLE. In a January 1863 letter to his sister, Uni  
009. tra. He received the Commander Order of the White EAGLE. Skrowaczewski died in Minneapolis, Minnesot  
021. f shorebirds. These include the white-bellied sea EAGLE and roseate tern. Most nesting sites are on  
026. s Treaty"), because all three states used a black EAGLE as a state symbol (in contrast to the white  
027. eagle as a state symbol (in contrast to the white EAGLE, a symbol of Poland). The Commonwealth had b  
040. but can be traced back for centuries. The double EAGLE was added Ivan IIII after his marriage with  
045. marmot, Mountain goats, chinchilla, pika, golden EAGLE and snow leopard. Plants include mosses, lic  
048. ople, Arabs, Malays and Europeans. The Javan hawk-EAGLE is the national bird. Property Property is s  
077. ion, although he has not done that recently. Bald EAGLE The bald eagle ("Latin name: Haliaeetus leuc  
078. e has not done that recently. Bald eagle The bald EAGLE ("Latin name: Haliaeetus leucocephalus") is  
079. al bird of the United States of America. The bald EAGLE is a kind of sea eagle. It can be found in m  
087. bald eagle is physically different from the golden EAGLE. The bald eagle has a bigger head and a bigg  
092. system. There are two main subspecies of the bald EAGLE: The bald eagle's natural home is in most of  
125. Native American tribes cannot use bald or golden EAGLE feathers for their religious or spiritual us  
138. d of October and runs into November. The imperial EAGLE symbolizes the imperial city of Biberach. At  
185. e, Jeep, Plymouth, DeSoto, Valiant, Imperial, and EAGLE (AMC). Only Chrysler, Dodge, and Jeep surviv  
195. st's eagle ("Harpagornis moorei") was the largest EAGLE ever to have lived. It is the only eagle in  
214. orneo, Malaysia, Sumatra and Thailand. Javan hawk-EAGLE The Javan hawk-eagle, "Nizaetus bartelsi" is  
215. tra and Thailand. Javan hawk-eagle The Javan hawk-EAGLE, "Nizaetus bartelsi" is a medium-sized (abou  
216. raptor in the family Accipitridae. The Javan hawk-EAGLE is the national bird of Indonesia. The Javan  
217. is the national bird of Indonesia. The Javan hawk-EAGLE is believed to be monogamous. The female usu  
313. His family went on to establish the sizable Black EAGLE Brewery on Brick Lane. The Brick Lane Market  
314. hed his first covenant sermon at the nearby Black EAGLE Street Chapel). In 1898, the building was co  
315. rangutan, tapir, anoa, sumatran tiger, Javan Hawk-EAGLE and various colored birds like Southern Cass  
330. . Two eagle chicks can be seen nesting in the sea EAGLE flight. This island is a man-made rock surro  
347. st Africa, Oceania, and the Indian Ocean. Spotted EAGLE Rays are around 17 to 35 cm wide at birth,  
348. d in white spots, and the belly is white. Spotted EAGLE Rays also have flat snouts which look like a  
349. us spines right behind their pelvic fins. Spotted EAGLE Rays prefer to swim in waters with the tempe  
350. ame direction, at exactly the same speed. Spotted EAGLE Rays eat crustaceans like shrimps, prawns an  
351. lluscs like octopuses, clams and oysters. Spotted EAGLE Rays are viviparous, meaning they give live  
477. er and was remanded in custody. White-bellied sea EAGLE The white-bellied sea eagle ("Haliaeetus leu  
478. dy. White-bellied sea eagle The white-bellied sea EAGLE ("Haliaeetus leucogaster"), is also known as
ations from a app store in Messages. Ivory-billed WOODPECKER The Ivory-Billed Woodpecker  
002. essages. Ivory-billed woodpecker The Ivory-Billed WOODPECKER "(Campephilus Principalis)" is about in  
003. ngdale, New York at the age of 100. Great spotted WOODPECKER The great spotted woodpecker  
004. f 100. Great spotted woodpecker The great spotted WOODPECKER Dendrocopos major is a medium-sized  
005. oodpecker ("Dendrocopos major") is a medium-sized WOODPECKER with black and white plumage and a red  
006. animated cartoon character. His Friends are Woody WOODPECKER,Andy Panda,'Talkie' Tom,Oswald Rabbit.H  
014. e toad, a rag doll called Madeleine, and a wooden WOODPECKER which was a bookend (something to stop  
016. ad and Splinter are the nephew and niece of Woody WOODPECKER. They first appeared in the cartoon "Ge  
017. g their time. They also appeared in The New Woody WOODPECKER Show. In Get Lost!, Knothead and Splint  
018. , Gingrich ended his presidential campaign. Woody WOODPECKER Wooddrow "Woody "Woodpecker is an anima  
022. e Knothead and Splinter. His girlfriend is Winnie WOODPECKER. In "The New Woody Woodpecker Show", Wi  
025. of Walter Lantz's staples (the others being Woody WOODPECKER, Oswald Rabbit, Chilly Willy). His last  
028. le of 1815. The apple first known as the Butters, WOODPECKER or Pecker apple was named after Col. Lo  
030. d-of-paradise eat usually fruit or small insects. WOODPECKER Finch The Woodpecker Finch is a species  
032. t of eating grubs that live in the woods. But the WOODPECKER finch, unlike woodpeckers, does not hav  
033. nest. In fact, those birds often live in deserted WOODPECKER holes. To make it more comfortable they  
035. t of "The Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll". Green WOODPECKER The green woodpecker ("Picus viridis"),  
036. Shaped Rock and Roll". Green woodpecker The green WOODPECKER ("Picus viridis"), or European green wo  
037. n woodpecker ("Picus viridis"), or European green WOODPECKER, is a member of the woodpecker family P  
041. and the main voice of Buzz Buzzard in the "Woody WOODPECKER" cartoons. Jefferson City Jefferson Cit  
042. vented the Native American flute. In one story, a WOODPECKER pecked holes in the branch of a tree wh
spiders with a very similar appearance. Crane fly CRANE flies are flies in the family Tipulidae. The  
028. e wings are often held out from the body when the CRANE fly is not moving. When the wings are held o  
063. llow is the national bird of Estonia. Red-crowned CRANE The red-crowned crane ("Grus japonensis"), a  
064. ird of Estonia. Red-crowned crane The red-crowned CRANE ("Grus japonensis"), also called the Japanes  
066. s"), also called the Japanese crane or Manchurian CRANE, is a large crane. It is the second rarest c  
071. shes and swamps. When it matures, the red-crowned CRANE is snow white with a patch of red skin on it  
072. s head. In the spring and summer, the red-crowned CRANE lives in Siberia, where their eggs hatch. No  
077. al habitat. These include the endangered Siberian CRANE, the Yangtze river dolphin (baiji), and Yang  
084. best in the world such as Willie Mosconi, Irving CRANE and Luther Lassiter. He won the United State  
101. sts. These include the extremely rare Red-crowned CRANE (a staple of Asian art), and the White-naped  
102. rane (a staple of Asian art), and the White-naped CRANE as well as, potentially, the extremely rare  
133. from the hollow bones of a bird, the Red-crowned CRANE. At the time of the discovery, one was found  
135. disambiguation) Como La Flor may be for: Siberian CRANE The Siberian crane ("Grus leucogeranus") or  
136. o La Flor may be for: Siberian crane The Siberian CRANE ("Grus leucogeranus") or Siberian white cran  
137. ian crane ("Grus leucogeranus") or Siberian white CRANE or snow crane, is a critically endangered cr  
139. e crane or snow crane, is a critically endangered CRANE. They occur in three groups: the eastern gro  
140. any feathers and is reddish in color.The Siberian CRANE is a migratory species with three major popu  
145. natural, naturally enclosed habitat to a sandhill CRANE. The Reptile House is America's oldest exist  
146. fungi, herbs and some small animals. Grey crowned CRANE The grey crowned crane or East African crown  
147. mall animals. Grey crowned crane The grey crowned CRANE or East African crowned crane ("Balearica re  
148. ne The grey crowned crane or East African crowned CRANE ("Balearica regulorum") is a waterfowl speci  
149. and weigh over 8 pounds. The East African crowned CRANE can live up to 25 years in captivity. They e  
153. Society of Japan was set up to save the Siberian CRANE. The project focused on releasing captivity  
182. n crane ("Grus grus"), also known as the Eurasian CRANE, is a bird of the family Gruidae, the cranes  
195. tural nesting habitat for the endangered Whooping CRANE. The park is also populated by moose, wood b
layground. There is 2 schools in Kafr Bara: Snowy OWL The Snowy owl ("Bubo scandiacus") is an owl
re is 2 schools in Kafr Bara: Snowy owl The Snowy OWL ("Bubo scandiacus") is an owl native to the
Snowy owl The Snowy owl ("Bubo scandiacus") is an OWL native to the Arctic regions of North America
young and return south for the winter. The snowy OWL and the ptarmigan stay all year. The color of
e ptarmigan stay all year. The color of the snowy OWL matches the snow. The ptarmigan's summer
es, though. Cougars, a wolf, eagles, a falcon, an OWL, and even venomous snakes were among those
ary of Congress. The movie starts with a wise old OWL that tells a story about a little fawn called
and his friends are adults. They meet a wise old OWL, called Friend Owl, who tells them of the dang
e adults. They meet a wise old owl, called Friend OWL, who tells them of the dangers of falling in l
and Faline's new fawns (baby deer), with the wise OWL saying that Bambi should be proud. The Great
The feathers of the horned OWL are gray to brown to buff to black. There is a
yellow with round black pupils. The great horned OWL hunts and eats mammals (like rabbits,
surgery or anesthesia. A larger Eurasian Eagle-OWL exhibit opened in September 2010. Potter Park
hyraxes, a monkey, a civet cat, an African eagle OWL, tropical fish, snakes, such as vipers, and a
is still done by many people all over the world. OWL Owls are birds in the order Strigiformes
ller owls, but is itself vulnerable to the Eagle OWL or Northern Goshawk. Red foxes are an importan
tors and sliders co-exist. This includes an eagle OWL, vampire bats, and giant fruit bats.
to". It is the most widely distributed species of OWL, and one of the most widespread of all birds.
one of the most widespread of all birds. The barn-OWL family Tytonidae is one of two main lineages
n. The birds of the bay are the Little Auk, Snowy OWL, Willow Ptarmigan, Rock Ptarmigan, Gyrfalcon,
es, such as snow bunting, purple sandpiper, Snowy OWL and brent goose. Others make large colonies
also threats. Birds like the hawk, the eagle, the OWL, the raven and the roadrunner, and mammals
d times less than the largest, the Eurasian Eagle OWL and Blakiston's Fish owl. Most owls have
goose, common eider, king eider, gyrfalcon, snowy OWL, sanderling, ptarmigan and raven. Bearded seal
es of "The Penguins of Madagascar". Northern Hawk-OWL The Northern Hawk-Owl (also known as the Hudso
Madagascar". Northern Hawk-Owl The Northern Hawk-OWL (also known as the Hudsonian owl) is an owl wh
he Northern Hawk-Owl (also known as the Hudsonian OWL) is an owl which does not migrate. They usuall
Hawk-Owl (also known as the Hudsonian owl) is an OWL which does not migrate. They usually stay in a
t by EADS, its name comes from a bird, the "snowy OWL". The Harfang is a twin-boom aircraft, propel
uence data supports the decision to put the snowy OWL, an eagle-owl adapted to Arctic conditions, in
136. ports the decision to put the snowy owl, an eagle-OWL adapted to Arctic conditions, into "Bubo". The
137. s it is some of these owls, like Verreaux's eagle-OWL, are not studied enough. More research is need
oose ("Alopochen aegyptiacus") is a member of the DUCK, goose, and swan family, Anatidae. It lives i
004. d cork or wood as his medium. He carved his first DUCK out of balsa wood in 1940 at his father's woo
005. Tihomirova". Rudolf takes part in a project "Red DUCK Service" on channel "Galaxy" along with "Didi
006. ivil and women's rights activist. She was born in DUCK Hill, Mississippi. In 1966, Bolton helped for
007. the voice for Mickey Mouse for many years. Donald DUCK is another famous creation. Minnie Mouse and
008. 27483998 Density (per km) 480 Literates 40524545 DUCK Ducks are birds in the family "Anatidae". Duc
009. sometimes called ducks, but they are not. A baby DUCK is called a "duckling", and a male duck is ca
010. t. A baby duck is called a "duckling", and a male DUCK is called a "drake". Most ducks are aquatic b
011. d all over the world, except for Antarctica. Some DUCK species live on the South Georgia and Aucklan
012. ouse. Especially in Asia, many people like to eat DUCK. Ducks are sometimes kept as pets. They are o
013. s of meats such as pork, beef, chicken, lamb, and DUCK. The roasted meat, along with its accompanyin
014. e Republican part of the French Revolution. Daffy DUCK Daffy Duck is a cartoon character from the Wa
015. n part of the French Revolution. Daffy Duck Daffy DUCK is a cartoon character from the Warner Bros.
00 year birthday on December 18 Platypus The DUCK-billed platypus ("Ornithorhynchus anatinus")
044. ge and rubbery. The platypus is sometimes called "DUCK billed platypus" because of this nose. It is
045. latypus" because of this nose. It is similar to a DUCK's bill (mouth). Platypus can be big or small
a very large number of stews, including chicken, DUCK, seafood, beef, and mutton. Tianjin also has
167. d stuffed with a soft material, such as feathers, DUCK down, or synthetic batting (man made soft stu
168. izard") was a large, plant-eating, hollow-crested DUCK-billed dinosaur similar to "Corythosaurus". I
169. ies. The book was so popular a statue of a mother DUCK and her eight ducklings were set up in the 
as queen during the 3rd century. Harlequin DUCK The Harlequin duck is a duck that lives in th
179. ing the 3rd century. Harlequin duck The Harlequin DUCK is a duck that lives in the sea. The female i
180. d century. Harlequin duck The Harlequin duck is a DUCK that lives in the sea. The female is plain,
ch other that can be described as a short "tsit". DUCK pond A duck pond is a pond for ducks and othe
207. t can be described as a short "tsit". Duck pond A DUCK pond is a pond for ducks and other waterfowl.
208. uck pond is a pond for ducks and other waterfowl. DUCK ponds give habitats for water fowl and other
209. er birds who use the water to bathe in and drink. DUCK ponds usually attract people who come to feed
status is Least Concern. Stiff-tailed DUCK The stiff-tailed ducks are part of the Oxyuri
212. to spend time in the water. Without feathers this DUCK would die of hypothermia because it could not
213. eed Dotterel, Black Swan, Cape Barren Goose, Musk DUCK, Straw-necked Ibis, Royal Spoonbill
ild boar, beef, sausages, pork, lamb, DUCK, goose, chickens, small birds and fish. Roman
284. stralian creation story for the platypus, where a DUCK named Tharalkoo gives birth to a strange and
ries: "It Happened One Night", "One Flew Over the CUCKOO's Nest" and "The Silence of the Lambs". "Al
002. Western Europe, Eastern Europe. One Flew Over the CUCKOO's Nest (movie) One Flew Over the Cuckoo's N
003. Over the Cuckoo's Nest (movie) One Flew Over the CUCKOO's 
ther organism (such as the devoted nurturing of a CUCKOO by a parent clearly of a different species)
006. l around in circles and do not fall off cliffs. A CUCKOO does not make its own nest. It lays its egg
007. ther bird and leaves it for them to care for. The CUCKOO eggs are camouflaged to look like the host
but has a range of other types of bird. The CUCKOO family, in addition to those species named
018. s of other kinds of birds, who then rear the baby CUCKOO instead of their own. The common cuckoo, "C
019. the baby cuckoo instead of their own. The common CUCKOO, "Cuculus canorus"
The cuckoo gets its names because the male Common CUCKOO sings two notes which sound like the word
023. s sound. She has a loud bubbling call. The common CUCKOO does not make a nest of its own, and they d
024. her eggs in the nests of other birds. Each female CUCKOO specialises in just one host species, and l
025. ouflaged eggs in that bird's nest. For example, a CUCKOO which lays its eggs in reed warbler nests w
026. hat look like those of a reed warbler. The female CUCKOO spends a lot of time watching the birds at
027. while the 'host' parents are not looking. If the CUCKOO lays her egg in the nest before the other b
028. ot her egg, and so she will get rid of it. If the CUCKOO lays her egg too late, when the reed warble
029. aying, this will be noticed, too. When the female CUCKOO thinks it is the right moment she will fly
030. , and carries on looking after the eggs. When the CUCKOO chick hatches it soon grows very fast
as some birds are able to distinguish CUCKOO eggs from their own, leading to those eggs
033. their nest. Birds whose nests are at high risk of CUCKOO-eggs often mob cuckoos and drive them out o
034. rnal lines. The detail and near-perfection of the CUCKOO nest parasitism, and the defences of the ho
035. ost species can spot and throw out almost perfect CUCKOO eggs. This system is a fine example of an e
036. ey are less recognised by other bird species. The CUCKOO only stays in its summer location for about
037. plays two notes which sound like the call of the CUCKOO. The flute has a very delicate, fast tune
ange married Margret Pope in 1992. Asian emerald CUCKOO The Asian emerald cuckoo is a species of cu
043. e in 1992. Asian emerald cuckoo The Asian emerald CUCKOO is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae fam
044. d cuckoo The Asian emerald cuckoo is a species of CUCKOO in the Cuculidae family. It lives in Southe
045. i Lanka, Thailand, and Vietnam. The Asian emerald CUCKOO is a protected animal in Malaysia. Its scie
046. ars, for "As Good as it Gets", "One Flew Over the CUCKOO's Nest", and "Terms of Endearment". He is o
047. is rare because the thrush usually recognizes the CUCKOO's eggs. However, the thrush does not act
he greater roadrunner is also called the "ground CUCKOO" and the "snake killer". The greater roadru
069. 25-30 cm tall, and is the largest North American CUCKOO. It has a long, thick bill, a long dark tai
070. related to the group of bazas, honey-buzzards and CUCKOO-hawks, which are much smaller birds. The se
071. " sequels. He completed 1975's "One Flew Over the CUCKOO's Nest" after Haskell Wexler was fired from
072. . Neomorphinae Neomorphinae is a subfamily of the CUCKOO family, Cuculidae. The birds in this group
073. ong. The smallest bird in this group, the striped CUCKOO, is long. New World ground cuckoos are omni
074. ators. An exception is among different species of CUCKOO which eat hairy and poisonous caterpillars
riches and emus and ocean-living birds, the large PENGUIN family. Ostriches and emus do not need t
ts. They make it with grass, soil, and sometimes PENGUIN feathers. The Waved Albatross, however,
omplications of a stroke in London, England. Club PENGUIN Island Club Penguin Island is a Massively
002. roke in London, England. Club Penguin Island Club PENGUIN Island is a Massively multiplayer online r
003. Canada Inc. for iOS and Android smartphones. Club PENGUIN Island runs off of a three dimensional
 of the world the new logo was released in 2010. PENGUIN Penguins are sea-birds in the family Sphen
106. underwater sees the white belly and wings of the PENGUIN, they can not see it well with the light c
107. the light coming from above. Seen from above, the PENGUIN's black back blends in with the dark water
108. y maybe weeks or months depending on what kind of PENGUIN they are. Penguins eat krill, fish, squid,
109. species (types) of penguins. The white-flippered PENGUIN is today generally considered a subspecies
110. y generally considered a subspecies of the little PENGUIN. It is still unclear if the royal penguin
111. little penguin. It is still unclear if the royal PENGUIN is a subspecies of the macaroni penguin. S
112. the royal penguin is a subspecies of the macaroni PENGUIN. Scientists are also uncertain whether roc
113. players to freeze enemies with snowballs; and the PENGUIN Suit which, on top of the Ice Flower's
Sliding helps them get to places faster. Little PENGUIN Little penguins ("Eudyptula minor") are al
137. enguins ("Eudyptula minor") are also called fairy PENGUIN, little blue penguin, or blue penguins. Th
138. inor") are also called fairy penguin, little blue PENGUIN, or blue penguins. They are a species of p
139. penguin, or blue penguins. They are a species of PENGUIN that lives near the coasts of Australia an
140. e coasts of Australia and New Zealand. The little PENGUIN is the smallest of all penguins. The pengu
141. average, they are 33 cm (13 in) tall. The little PENGUIN is slate gray or indigo along the head and
142. younger than adults, have lighter colors. Little PENGUIN chicks have blue-grey bellies and brown fe
143. dyptula genus includeded two different species of PENGUIN, the little penguin ("E. minor") and the f
144. eded two different species of penguin, the little PENGUIN ("E. minor") and the fairy penguin ("E. un
145. in, the little penguin ("E. minor") and the fairy PENGUIN ("E. undina"). In 1976, scientists combine
146. is over the classification of the white-flippered PENGUIN. While most believe the white-flippered pe
147. d penguin. While most believe the white-flippered PENGUIN is a subspecies of the little penguin, som
148. e-flippered penguin is a subspecies of the little PENGUIN, some argue that it is a different species
149. ifferent colors. The six subspecies of the little PENGUIN are: The little penguin has different comm
150. subspecies of the little penguin are: The little PENGUIN has different common names depending on th
151. are found all around Tasmania. The largest little PENGUIN colonies in New South Wales are on Montagu
152. and, Tollgate Island and Brush Island. The little PENGUIN is known for its wide variety of calls. In
153. he main ways scientists identify different little PENGUIN subspecies is by the differences in the no
